Add fpga digital twins article (#100)
Zuehlke/software-engineering-corner: src/articles/fpga-digital-twins/index.md

```

With [scapy](https://scapy.net/), we can create headers like `Ether(dst, src, type)` or `IP(src, dst, ...)` and concatenate them with the division operator `Ether()/IP()`.
The `raw` header lets us append or inject any length of bytes.
Scapy's utils package provides us with `wrpcap()`. This function takes a list of packets and writes them to a PCAP file — a file format for packet capture used by e.g. tcpdump and wireshark.
Similarly, `rdpcap()` will read those packets back into scapy's packetList format.
The file `test_input.pcap` will now have around 200 packets, which we use as test data for our filter. Crucially, this testbench can later be reused together with [cocotb](https://www.cocotb.org/) to test the VHDL implementation. In effect, the digital twin becomes the golden device, also known as a test oracle.

#### Creating the digital twin

When designing a digital twin for an FPGA, it's very important that we don't take too many shortcuts.
We want to keep the FPGA resources and capabilities in mind.
A simple one-liner in Python might do the trick as well, but we wouldn't gain any insights into the resources needed in VHDL for this.

> First, let's define a function prototype with the following parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, let's define a function prototype with the following parameters:
```

---
title: Digital Twins .. or why doing things twice is sometimes more efficient
domain: software-engineering-corner.hashnode.dev
tags: agile-development, programming-languages, hardware, best-practices
cover: https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1747223913763/rWSPApSkf.avi?auto=format
publishAs: sernst-zch
saveAsDraft: true
hideFromHashnodeCommunity: false
enableToc: true

> ---

Reviewer 2: I think you should use this template according to the README.md

```
---
title: <short title>
description: <description for the rss feed>
released: <date of when it will be released <- add todays date in ISO 8601 format here>
cover: <path to the cover image>
author: <Your Name>
tags: <list of tags (they don't do anything yet)>
shortDescription: <short description for sharing preview (twitter, facebook, linkedin) max 200 characters>
---
```

### Reusing the Python testbench with cocotb

Once we validated our digital twin, we can write our VHDL code.
With our digital twin, we get additional insights about intermediate results, the algorithm itself and how input and output shall look like.
To finally test the finished VHDL implementation, we can reuse our digital twin testbench by integrating cocotb.
There are a few examples on how to use cocotb in the github repository under (https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/tree/master/examples).

All of them have a `cocotb.test()` routine, which is executed either by the framework in Makefile based testbenches or via runner on runner based testbenches (https://docs.cocotb.org/en/stable/runner.html).
The example below is a Makefile based testbench.

Two elements are present:

- A class `TB` which connects the VHDL source to the testbench (`dut` is an object provided by the framework)
- One or multiple `async def test_xyz(dut)` functions, which contain each the testbench sequence

In this example, we defined one test and several helper routines that run in parallel (async).

> One is to send data over AXI-Stream and the other is to receive data over AXI-Stream while comparing it to the expected result.

Reviewer 2: What is this? Should it be explained?

    # save stimuli to file
    wrpcap("./test_input.pcap", packet_list, linktype=1)

    # run the Python model to get the expected results
    udp_port_filter.process("./test_input.pcap", "./test_output_forward.pcap", "./test_output_drop.pcap", tb.dut.valid_udp_dst_port)

    # convert scapy to raw (bytearray)
    for packet in packet_list:
        stimuli_list.append(bytearray(raw(packet)))

    for packet in scapy.utils.rdpcap("./test_output_forward.pcap"):
        result_list.append(bytearray(raw(packet)))

    # start verify task
    check_task = cocotb.start_soon(checkTask(result_list, tb))

    # start sending data
    send_task = cocotb.start_soon(sendTask(stimuli_list, tb))

    # wait until all data is sent
    await Join(send_task)

    # send signal to stop receive tasks
    tb.testFinished = True

    # give the receive task a few microseconds to flush
    await Timer(10, units='us')
    
    # wait for receive task to finish
    await Join(check_task)
    return
```

## Conclusion

> Digital twins can help to understand the core problem(s) and risks much faster and easier than straight VHDL coding from the beginning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Digital twins can help to understand the core problems and risks much faster and easier than straight VHDL coding from the beginning.
```
